hi guys Jamie Oliver here I'm super
excited about being able to support bill
and Melinda's annual letter where they
talk about the solutions they think make
for a better food system their annual
letter this year is a really important
one and it's driving the conversation
about the topics that really matter the
future of our health and farming
harnessing mobile technology and going
big on education these are all hugely
exciting opportunities that will define
the next generation and for me it's all
about how developments in these areas
are going to shape the new food system
because we need one it's been 15 years
since I started campaigning for better
food and food systems starting off in
schools and now there's been loads of
positive and exciting progress but we
still need more progress and fast
obesity rates are soaring with over two
billion people overweight or obese while
at the same time over eight million
people go hungry each and every day our
relationship with food and our food
system has been broken for a while now
but we're starting to fix it Bill and
Melinda are talking about their big bets
for the next 15 years and asking the
question how do we feed Africa and
ultimately how do we feed the world my
big bet is on food education my
foundation and I believe that it's a
human right for every child to have
access to real good food and food
education if every child is taught about
food and where it comes from and how it
affects their body then we're going to
have generations of food revolutionaries
that will be eating wholesome nutritious
food that's more traceable less produced
and easily accessible to everyone will
have more responsible consumption and as
Bill and Melinda call them global
citizens informed passionate individuals
taking care of our planet so I'm really
excited about working with Bill and
Melinda to change the food system but
guys we can't do this alone no we need
everyone
we need new guys to get involved we want
you to join the conversation that bill
Melinda have started and tell us your
solutions to feed in the world and
ensuring the health of the next
generation but first you have to go and
read the letter at gates letter calm and
join the conversation online using the
hashtag gates letter so there you go
guys that's a little message from me mr.
Oliver from the UK take care until next
time